Clarify database version for update script (#945)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/updating/4_update_database.md

# 4. Update database

Some versions require updates to the database. Look through the list of database update scripts
[for MySQL](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezpublish-kernel/tree/master/data/update/mysql)
and [for PostgreSQL](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezpublish-kernel/tree/master/data/update/postgres)
and find a script for the database version you are updating to.

!!! tip "Database version number"

>     Database version numbers correspond to the `ezpublish-kernel` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Database version number corresponds to the `ezpublish-kernel` version.
```
